= work_log

== Description

A simple time tracker that logs your work times to a file using a command line interface.

== Installation

    sudo gem install work_log

The +work_log+ command should now be available in your command line interface.

== Usage

Currently +work_log+ supports the following arguments:

    work_log start    # Log that you started working.
                      # You can pass a starting time in human readable words, e.g.
                      # work_log start two hours ago
                      # Default time is DateTime.now
                      # Shorthand: work_log s

    work_log end      # Log that you finished working.
                      # You can also pass a time (see start)
                      # Shorthand: work_log e

    work_log all      # List all entries
                      # Shorthand: work_log a

    work_log week     # List the entries of the current week
                      # Shorthand: work_log w

    work_log last     # Show the last logged entry

    work_log since    # Show all entries since a given time, examples:
                      # work_log since yesterday
                      # work_log since 2 weeks ago

    work_log undo     # Removes the last entry from the log

=== Hint: Changing the location of the saved file

Especially interesting in combination with *Dropbox* to add backup/multiple device sync capabilities to work_log. ;)

Per default, the entries are saved in your home directory:

    ~/work_log.yml

But you can change location of the saved file by creating a file called <tt>.work_log_gem</tt> in your home directory.

    touch ~/.work_log_gem

And enter the following valid YAML (watch the indentation):

    logfile: "/Users/yourUserName/some/other/path/work_log.yml"

Note that this must be the absolute path to the file.

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2010 Christian Bäuerlein

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.